This document contains the storyboard for King's Guard: Archer Defense's campaign mode.

Once the user begins a new campaign file, they immediately begin a very simple training
level. A quick demo plays demonstrating to the player how to fire his weapon at the
target. The demo shows a quick shot (pressing the fire button and immediately releasing)
and a charged shot (holding down the fire button and releasing).

The training level begins. The player is limited to a 5x2 movement area. North of the
player's position are three targets lined up side-by-side with a space in-between each
one:


  X X X                         Key:
                                   X = Target
 -------                           P = Player
 |  P  |                           -, | = Impassable Walls
 |     |
 -------
 
The "target" is a circular "dart board" that the player must hit. The player cannot move
beyond the impassable walls, but can shoot over them.

The player advances once they've destroyed all 3 targets. Each target has the same
number of hit points that the player's fully charged weapon hits for.

After the training level, a short cutscene plays. In the courtyard of a castle, 
friendly soldiers are killed by invading troops. Once the prescence of the invading
troops is revealed, a "crisis/desperate situation" music track plays. Once the friendly
troops are killed, the invading troops are seen moving north out of sight.

It fades out of the courtyard and into the throne room, where the king is sitting on his
throne. The king, the player character, and a friendly soldier are in the room. A campy
exchange takes place where the king orders the soldier to protect the citizens. The
soldier protests and asks, what about you and your safety? The king tells him not to
worry, because the captain of the King's Guard, [Player Name], is here. The soldier
leaves.

Enemy soldiers appear from the south, and the first wave starts. The "crisis" music 
fades out and the level music starts playing. Unlike most levels, the player is not 
given the opportunity to place mercenaries or spend upgrade points yet. First he has to 
defeat a few soldiers as a gentle introduction.

Once the first wave is complete, a friendly archer shows up, saying that he will help
defend the king. This is the excuse to introduce the player to buying mercenaries and
placing them on the map. The player will be prompted to place the mercenary in 
advantageous positions, where they can fire without being fired upon.
